'PROJECT TITLE':
    My project title is "Hangman".So basically Hangman is a simple word guessing game for two or more players. One player thinks of a word, phrase or sentence, and the other's tries to guess it by suggesting letters within a certain number of guesses.

'PROJECT DESCRIPTION'
    OBJECTIVE:
    The objective of the game is to guess the secret word before the stick figure is hung. Players take turns selecting letters to narrow the word down.If too many letters which do not appear in the word are guessed, the player is hanged and loses. i make it now the electronic version of the game.And If a letter in the word is guessed correctly, You win the match.

'TECHNOLOGIES USED'
    In this project i used programming languages for example:
     1). 'HTML' is used to includes text, paragraphs, adding titles and buttons.  
     2). 'JavaScript' i used for making logics and connect things together.
     3). 'CSS' is used for styling, including colors, layout, and fonts. It is independent of HTML.

'TOOLS'
    1). In the making of this project i used Visual studio code for programming languages.
    2). Google.com is used for taking some help.

'HOW TO USE THIS PROJECT'
    First you just need to open this project and than it sows you the first page.In the first there is an  logo, some text files and 'start game' button when you press the button than you go to the next screen which is called 'Game Screen'. On game screen you'll be able to play the game.
    steps of playing game:
    1). Write any alphabet with your keyboard and click to guess button.
    2). If the alphabet lies in the word it shows that letter inside the 'dashes'.
    3). If the alphabet you choosen with the word then you lose 1 life. (You have total 6 lifes).
    4). If you matched all alphabets in the word than it shows you the screen "You Win".
    4). If you fail to matched all alphabets in the word than it shows you the screen "Game Over".

'INCLUDE CREDITS'
    -For 'buttons' i used this website: https://getcssscan.com/css-buttons-examples
    -At some point i used chatGPT to solve some problems.
    -I used GOOGLE.COM to take some help and taking pictures. 
